h1. Changelog

h2. 3.0.0

* Add ability to reorder the matrices ('ordinal' column)
* Add ability for tabs to be added to other areas
* Move prefs to the Preferences panel
* Retool admin layout (much thanks: phiw13, giz)
* Edit matrices one at a time via select list
* Fix function parameter order warning
* Fix PHP 8.4 compatibility
* Rewrite codebase for better efficiency
* Use plugin textpack

h2. 2.1beta6

* STRICTly fix for criteria_status error in admin tab

h2. 2.1beta5

* Fixes for glz_cfs v2.0 (much thanks to jakob)

h2. 2.1beta4

* Txp 4.7 fixes (paging)

h2. 2.1

* Further updates for TXP 4.6
* De-colon-isation

h2. 2.0.1beta

* Fix: enforce unique IDs on glz_cfs checkbox input fields, so that the <input>/<for> tags match up

h2. 2.0

Enhancements:

* Publish & delete articles (for mrdale)
* Extra article data options: title, section
* Show sections
* Added section & author to article title tooltip
* Matrix under Content or Home tab
* Improved validation error messages
* Custom WHERE clause conditions
* Article list paging
* Requires TXP 4.5+
* Tested on TXP 4.6
* Fix: matrix privileges
* Improved validation message (URL-only titles)
* Article edit link styling
* And, as Apple says, "Includes general performance and stability improvements", as well as code "sanity" improvements for my sake

h2. 1.2

* Txp 4.5-ified
* French colon-isation
* Lifecycle "upgrade" pseudo-event

h2. 1.1

* Code tidy up (thanks gocom)
* Enhancement: matrix tab optional footer
* Enhancement: matrix tab column sorting
* Enhancement: "Any parent" & "Any child" category wildcards
* Enhancement: posted timestamp (& reset)
* Enhancement: expires timestamp
* Enhancement: multi-section select (for maniqui & mrdale)
* Enhancement: input field tooltips (for masa)
* For mrdale:
** <body class="adi_matrix"> on all matrix tabs
** Another attempt at horizontal scrolling, this time with a fixed article title column
** More sorting options
** TinyMCE support for glz_custom_field textareas
** Option to include descendent categories
* Fix: checkboxes again! (thanks redbot)
* Changed: "Nothing to do" message changed to "No articles modified"
* Changed: admin tab name/title now "Article Matrix"/"Article Matrix Admin"

h2. 1.0.1

* Not officially released
* Fix: completely unticked checkboxes not updated (thanks redbot)
* Fix: detect glz_custom_fields in plugin cache (thanks gocom)

h2. 1.0

* Enhancement: glz_custom_fields compatibility
* Enhancement: force numeric sort (for jpdupont)
* Enhancement: sort by Expires timestamp
* Enhancement: article catagories (for maniqui)
* Enhancement: option to switch on horizontal scroll (for mrdale)
* Fix: MySQL 4.1 compatibility (thanks colak)
* Fix: error if custom field contains single quote (thanks maniqui)
* Fix: superfluous "Logged in user" wildcard option in matrix appearance
* Now uses lifecycle events

h2. 0.3

* Enhancement: "One category", "Two categories" wildcards
* Enhancement: timestamp (for CeBe)
* Enhancement: expiry (for CeBe)
* Enhancement: future/expired articles highlighted & preference (for CeBe)
* Enhancement: article title tooltip, & preference
* Admin: install/uninstall/textpack moved to plugin options

h2. 0.2

* Fix: missing child categories (thanks Zanza)
* Enhancement: "No category", "Any category" wildcards
* Enhancement: "Logged in user" wildcard
* Enhancement: article image field (for Zanza)
* Enhancement: article limit preference (for milosevic)

h2. 0.1

* Initial release

