h1. *adi_matrix* - Multi-article update tabs

This plugin provides a way of viewing and updating multiple articles in a grid, all from a single Txp admin tab.

Matrices give you a summary view of multiple articles, where you can make changes to selected data & update them all in one go.

Two new areas do the work:

* Admininstration panel under Extensions.
* Article matrix panel(s) under Contents, Home or some other plugin-generated area.

The admin tab defines the matrices, and the article matrix tabs display the required articles with their data.

h2. *Installation*

Installation of *adi_matrix* adds a new table to your Textpattern database which should not interfere with anything else.

*adi_matrix* is designed to make changes to groups of articles. Make backups before installation of this plugin and during initial testing on your site.

h2. *adi_matrix admin panel*

This is where you set up the article matrices.  There are three aspects to this:

h3. Matrix appearance

Here you can specify:

* The matrix name, which will be used to list it under your chosen area in the admin interface
* The order in which the matrices appear in the menus. Use whatever numeric/alphabetic scheme you wish
* The sort order in which articles should be listed by default
* Whether a single user or all users are allowed access to the matrix
* Whether access to the matrix is based on privilege roles or not
* Which menu to display the matrix under
* Whether the first (Title) column of the matrix should be 'sticky' when scrolling left/right on wider screens
* Whether to show the column headings in the table footer
* Whether to display the section in the matrix (overridden if you choose to include the Section in your matrix)
* Whether users can add/delete articles ('Publish' option)

h3. Article selection criteria

By default, all articles will be listed in the matrix, but you can narrow it down according to:

* Section
* Category / sub-category
* Article status
* Author
* Keywords
* Posted & expires timestamps
* Custom WHERE clause condition

h3. Article data display

This is where you define what data the user can see and change. Article fields that can be viewed & updated in matrices are:

* Article status
* Custom fields
* Article image
* Keywords
* Categories
* Posted & expires timestamps
* Title
* Section

h2. Plugin preferences

Visit the Preferences panel to choose:

* Whether to display the article ID in the matrix
* Article title highlighting (indicate future or expired articles)
* Article title tooltips (show ID, posted & expires timestamps in tooltip)
* input field tooltips (show contents of input field in a tooltip)
* Whether to use TinyMCE. Enabling this will reveal furtther options:
** Path to jQuery UI script
** Path to jQuery UI CSS file
** The TinyMCE directory path where it's installed
** Any configuration parameters you wish to pass to TinyMCE

h2. *Getting started*

A new matrix can be added in *adi_matrix* admin tab simply by selecting the empty entry in the Matrix Select list and choosing its parameters. As a minimum, a matrix name needs to be provided.

Once a matrix has been defined, its settings can be changed at any time by selecting the relevant matrix from the dropdown list on the matrix admin panel.

Each matrix will be available under the chosen menu area after you have visited at least one other Txp tab (a hop is required so that the menu contents are refreshed).

h2. *Article matrices*

The matrix panels themselves show a number of articles, with their associated data. If you are the article author or have sufficient overriding privileges then you can make changes to the data & update all articles with a single click.

Note that only articles where you have actually changed anything will be updated - together with their __Last Modified Date__ and __Author__.

*adi_matrix* respects all the standard restrictions on who can make changes to articles - based on authorship & privilege level.

h2. *glz_custom_fields*

*adi_matrix* will automatically detect if *glz_custom_fields* is installed and should play nicely.

h2. *TinyMCE*

If *glz_custom_fields* is installed, you have the opportunity to use "TinyMCE":http://www.tinymce.com/ to edit textarea custom fields. Note that TinyMCE must be installed separately. To use it with *adi_matrix*, switch it on in the Preferences > Adi matrix area, and fill in the configuration details.

h2. *Uninstalling adi_matrix*

To uninstall *adi_matrix*, simply go to the Plugins tab and delete it.  No articles will be harmed in the process.

h2. *Additional information*

p(adi_extras). Support and further information can be obtained from the "Textpattern support forum":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=35972.
